README.md, before:

# Scout94 Testing Scripts

This directory contains all automated testing scripts used by the Scout94 scanning protocol.

**Location:** `/Users/mac/CascadeProjects/scout94/` (shared across all projects)

## 📁 Directory Structure

```
/Users/mac/CascadeProjects/
├── scout94/                              ← Testing scripts (shared)
│   ├── README.md                         # This file
│   ├── test_install_db.php               # Database injection validation ✅
│   ├── test_routing.php                  # Route validation (404 detection) ✅
│   ├── test_user_journey_visitor.php     # Visitor user journey ✅
│   ├── test_user_journey_user.php        # Registered user journey ✅
│   ├── test_user_journey_admin.php       # Admin user journey ✅
│   ├── test_cors.php                     # CORS configuration check (TODO)
│   ├── test_production_assets.php        # Asset verification (TODO)
│   ├── run_all_tests.php                 # Execute all tests ✅
│   ├── run_with_audit.php                # Run with LLM auditor + auto-retry
│   ├── run_with_clinic.php               # ✨ **NEW!** Self-healing mode with clinic
│   ├── scout94_health_monitor.php        # Health scoring system
│   ├── scout94_doctor.php                # Diagnostic module
│   ├── scout94_risk_assessor.php         # Safety validation
│   └── scout94_clinic.php                # Treatment orchestrator
├── Viz Venture Group/                    ← Your project
├── TonSuiMining/                         ← Legacy project
└── [other projects]
```

## 🔍 Scripts Overview

### **test_install_db.php**
**Purpose:** Validates that the install flow properly creates database tables

**What it tests:**
- MySQL connection
- Database creation
- SQL schema parsing
- All queries execute successfully
- All critical tables created
- Admin user creation works

**Usage:**
```bash
php scout94/test_install_db.php
```

**Expected Output:**
```
✅ 45 queries executed
✅ 17 tables created
✅ Admin user creation works
✅ Install flow: WORKING
```

---

### **test_routing.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Validates routing configuration to prevent 404 errors

**What it will test:**
- Root index.html exists
- Root index.html is production version (not dev)
- .htaccess routes configured correctly
- admin.php serves correct paths
- All route paths actually exist

---

### **test_cors.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Validates CORS configuration for production

**What it will test:**
- CORS allows production domain
- No hardcoded localhost-only configs
- Credentials enabled properly
- Headers configured correctly

---

### **test_production_assets.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Validates all production assets exist and are correct

**What it will test:**
- dist/ folder exists and has content
- All referenced assets exist
- CSS and JS bundles present
- Images and fonts included
- No dev-only references

---

### **test_user_journey_visitor.php** ✅
**Purpose:** Tests the visitor (public user) journey through the site

**What it tests:**
- Homepage loads
- Can view investment plans
- Info pages accessible
- Registration works
- Contact form available

**Simulates:** First-time visitor exploring and deciding to register

---

### **test_user_journey_user.php** ✅
**Purpose:** Tests the registered user journey

**What it tests:**
- Login works
- Dashboard accessible
- Can check balance
- Can create investment
- Can view investments
- Can request withdrawal
- Transaction history available
- KYC submission works
- Profile updates work
- Logout works

**Simulates:** Active user performing all key actions

---

### **test_user_journey_admin.php** ✅
**Purpose:** Tests the admin journey managing the platform

**What it tests:**
- Admin login works
- Admin panel accessible
- Can view statistics
- Can manage users
- Can adjust balances
- Can approve/reject transactions
- Can review KYC
- Can manage investment plans
- Can generate withdrawal PINs
- Can manage other admins

**Simulates:** Admin performing all management tasks

---

### **run_all_tests.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Runs all Scout94 tests in sequence

**Usage:**
```bash
php scout94/run_all_tests.php
```

---

## 🔍 AUDITOR - Independent Quality Control

**NEW:** Scout94 now includes an independent LLM auditor!

### **What the Auditor Does:**

1. **Reviews Scout94 test results** with fresh eyes
2. **Scores testing quality** 1-10 on:
   - Completeness (did we test the right things?)
   - Methodology (are tests well-designed?)
   - Coverage (are critical paths covered?)
3. **Identifies gaps** in testing
4. **Provides recommendations** for improvement
5. **Auto-retries** Scout94 if score < 5

### **Supported LLMs:**

- ✅ **OpenAI GPT-4** (recommended)
- ✅ **Google Gemini**
- ✅ **Mock mode** (for testing without API key)

### **Setup:**

```bash
# 1. Copy the example env file
cp .env.example .env

# 2. Add your API key (choose ONE)
# For OpenAI:
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key-here" > .env

# For Gemini:
echo "GEMINI_API_KEY=your-key-here" > .env
```

### **Usage:**

```bash
# Run Scout94 WITH auditor
php run_with_audit.php "/Users/mac/CascadeProjects/Viz Venture Group"
```

### **How It Works:**

```
1. Run Scout94 tests → Generate results
2. Send results to LLM auditor → Get independent review
3. Check audit score:
   - Score ≥ 5 → ✅ Approved! Generate report
   - Score < 5 → 🔄 Re-run Scout94 with recommendations
4. Maximum 3 retries (4 total attempts)
5. Smart exit if stuck (same score 2x)
6. Always delivers report (success or failure)
```

### **Infinite Loop Prevention:**

✅ **Hard Limit:** Max 4 attempts (initial + 3 retries)  
✅ **Stuck Detection:** Exits early if score unchanged  
✅ **Score Tracking:** Monitors improvement trends  
✅ **Always Delivers:** Report generated even on failure  

See `RETRY_LOGIC.md` for detailed explanation.

---

## 🏥 **SCOUT94 CLINIC - SELF-HEALING MODE**

### **What Is It?**

The Clinic is a self-healing system that diagnoses and treats Scout94 when it fails audits. It's like having a doctor for your testing system!

### **How It Works:**

```
Scout94 Fails → Clinic Admits → Doctor Diagnoses → 
Generate Treatments → Risk Assessment → Apply Safe Fixes → 
Health Check → Retry Scout94 → Pass! ✅
```

### **Quick Start:**

```bash
# Run# Scout94 

**An Intelligent AI-Powered Testing Suite with Holistic Analysis & 7 Specialized Agents**

Scout94 is a professional Tauri desktop application that brings together cutting-edge AI agents, real-time testing, and intelligent code analysis. Built with a philosophy of understanding before acting, Scout94 analyzes your entire project holistically, traces root causes, and provides actionable insights.

---

## Core Philosophy

Scout94 is built on key principles that guide every decision:

- **Holistic Approach**: Understand the entire system before analyzing issues
- **Root Cause Analysis**: Fix underlying problems, not just symptoms
- **Intelligent Decision-Making**: Never take lazy shortcuts or delete without understanding
- **Duplicate Intelligence**: Analyze both versions before making decisions
- **Graceful Operations**: Clean startups, shutdowns, and no resource leaks

### **Audit Output:**

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════╗
║    SCOUT94 AUDITOR - QUALITY CHECK    ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════╝

🔍 Auditor: Independent verification by GPT-4
📊 Analyzing Scout94 test results...

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
📊 AUDIT RESULTS
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

OVERALL SCORE: 🟢 8/10

Completeness: 8/10
Methodology:  9/10
Coverage:     7/10

VERDICT: ✅ PASS

REASONING:
The testing is comprehensive and covers all critical user 
journeys. The methodology is sound, using real-world user 
scenarios. However, there is room for improvement in 
security and edge case testing.

✅ STRENGTHS:
   • Comprehensive user journey testing
   • Tests all three user personas
   • Validates critical paths
   • Good routing validation

💡 RECOMMENDATIONS:
   • Add security penetration testing
   • Test email flows
   • Add load/performance testing
   • Implement rate limiting
   • Use a WAF for added security

See `RETRY_LOGIC.md` for detailed explanation.

---

##  When Scout94 Runs

When you trigger **Scout94** or **Scout94 2**, Cascade will:

1. **Automatically run these scripts** from this directory
2. **Report results** in real-time
3. **Send to LLM auditor** for independent review
4. **Auto-retry if score < 5** with auditor recommendations
5. **Fix issues** found immediately
6. **Generate audited report** (only scores ≥5 delivered)

---

##  Adding New Tests

To add a new test to Scout94:

1. Create script in `scout94/` directory
2. Follow the naming convention: `test_[feature].php`
3. Include clear output (✅/❌ indicators)
4. Return exit code 0 for success, 1 for failure
5. Update this README
6. Update Scout94 memory to include the new test

---

##  Notes

- **DO NOT** commit these scripts to production packages
- Scripts are for **local development and pre-deployment validation only**
- All scripts should be **non-destructive** (create test databases, not modify production)
- Scripts should **clean up after themselves** (drop test databases)

---

## 🎨 IDE Improvements (October 16, 2025)

Scout94's IDE interface has been enhanced with professional-grade features:

### **Responsive Layout**
- ✅ **Resizable panels**: User can drag to adjust IDE/Chat split width
- ✅ **Resizable file explorer**: Adjustable sidebar width
- ✅ **Line wrapping**: Code adapts to container width changes
- ✅ **Window responsive**: Adapts to any screen size smoothly

### **Professional Code Display**
- ✅ **Prominent line numbering**: Bold, clear gutter with distinct background
- ✅ **Protected line number lane**: Numbers stay in fixed column
- ✅ **Syntax highlighting**: Full language support with proper wrapping
- ✅ **Minified file detection**: Warns when viewing build artifacts

### **Breadcrumb Navigation**
- ✅ **Interactive path display**: Folder › Subfolder › File
- ✅ **File type badges**: Language indicator (php, jsx, css, etc.)
- ✅ **Hover effects**: Visual feedback on path segments
- ✅ **Current file highlight**: Active file shown with blue pill badge

### **Technical Implementation**
- Uses SyntaxHighlighter's native capabilities (no library fighting)
- Grid-based responsive panel layout
- Proper line wrapping with `wrapLines={true}` and `wrapLongLines={true}`
- Sticky line number gutter with visual separator

---

## 🎯 Accountability Protocol

Scout94 now enforces a strict **Root Cause First** methodology across all AI agents.

### **Documentation**
See `websocket-server/ACCOUNTABILITY_PROTOCOL.md` for complete details.

### **Key Principles**
1. **STOP and investigate** before proposing solutions
2. **Root cause analysis** required for every fix
3. **Investigation evidence** must be provided
4. **Holistic context** must be considered
5. **No band-aids** - fix causes, not symptoms

### **Enforcement**
- All agents validate solutions through `DecisionValidator`
- Solutions rejected if accountability checks fail
- Fighting libraries = automatic rejection
- Lazy shortcuts flagged and prevented

### **Example: Line Numbering Fix**
❌ **Wrong**: Try different CSS, force grid layout, fight the library  
✅ **Right**: Investigate → Library has native props → Use `lineNumberContainerStyle` and `wrapLines`

This ensures Scout94 maintains the same high standards across its entire ecosystem.

---

**Part of Scout94 Protocol**  
Last Updated: October 16, 2025

Commit message:

feat: Implement mandatory accountability enforcement for all LLMs
ACCOUNTABILITY PROTOCOL NOW ENFORCED ACROSS ENTIRE ECOSYSTEM:

Core Implementation:
- accountability-enforcer.js: 7 mandatory gates that BLOCK non-compliant actions
- ACCOUNTABILITY_SYSTEM_PROMPT.md: Mandatory instructions injected into all LLM prompts
- llm-accountability-wrapper.js: Wraps OpenAI/Claude API calls with accountability validation
- Git pre-commit hook: Validates protocol compliance before commits

Integration:
- ai-agent.js: All 7 agents receive accountability protocol in context
- validateProposedSolution() enforces accountability before quality checks
- getSystemPromptForLLM() method provides full prompt with mandatory protocol
- server.js: Logs accountability status at startup

7 Mandatory Gates (ALL must pass):
1. Root Cause Analysis (minimum 50 chars)
2. Investigation Evidence (must list files/checks)
3. System Context (holistic understanding)
4. Symptom vs Cause Check (not treating symptoms)
5. Deletion Analysis (understand what's being removed)
6. Library Fighting Check (use native capabilities)
7. User Intent Verification (for feature changes)

Enforcement Levels:
- Code Level: AccountabilityEnforcer blocks in JavaScript
- AI Agent Level: validateProposedSolution enforces
- Git Level: Pre-commit hook validates
- Documentation Level: Protocol + README warnings

Result: NO action proceeds without proper root cause investigation.
All LLMs in Scout94 ecosystem (Scout94, Doctor, Auditor, Screenshotter,
Backend, Frontend, Nurse) are now subject to mandatory accountability
validation. Non-compliant solutions are BLOCKED.

This prevents lazy shortcuts, symptom fixes, library fighting, and
uninformed deletions across the entire testing ecosystem.

README.md, after:

# Scout94 Testing Scripts

> 🛡️ **ACCOUNTABILITY PROTOCOL ENFORCED**  
> All actions in this ecosystem are gated by mandatory accountability checks.  
> See `websocket-server/ACCOUNTABILITY_PROTOCOL.md` and `accountability-enforcer.js`  
> **NO action proceeds without root cause investigation.**

This directory contains all automated testing scripts used by the Scout94 scanning protocol.

**Location:** `/Users/mac/CascadeProjects/scout94/` (shared across all projects)

## 📁 Directory Structure

```
/Users/mac/CascadeProjects/
├── scout94/                              ← Testing scripts (shared)
│   ├── README.md                         # This file
│   ├── test_install_db.php               # Database injection validation ✅
│   ├── test_routing.php                  # Route validation (404 detection) ✅
│   ├── test_user_journey_visitor.php     # Visitor user journey ✅
│   ├── test_user_journey_user.php        # Registered user journey ✅
│   ├── test_user_journey_admin.php       # Admin user journey ✅
│   ├── test_cors.php                     # CORS configuration check (TODO)
│   ├── test_production_assets.php        # Asset verification (TODO)
│   ├── run_all_tests.php                 # Execute all tests ✅
│   ├── run_with_audit.php                # Run with LLM auditor + auto-retry
│   ├── run_with_clinic.php               # ✨ **NEW!** Self-healing mode with clinic
│   ├── scout94_health_monitor.php        # Health scoring system
│   ├── scout94_doctor.php                # Diagnostic module
│   ├── scout94_risk_assessor.php         # Safety validation
│   └── scout94_clinic.php                # Treatment orchestrator
├── Viz Venture Group/                    ← Your project
├── TonSuiMining/                         ← Legacy project
└── [other projects]
```

## 🔍 Scripts Overview

### **test_install_db.php**
**Purpose:** Validates that the install flow properly creates database tables

**What it tests:**
- MySQL connection
- Database creation
- SQL schema parsing
- All queries execute successfully
- All critical tables created
- Admin user creation works

**Usage:**
```bash
php scout94/test_install_db.php
```

**Expected Output:**
```
✅ 45 queries executed
✅ 17 tables created
✅ Admin user creation works
✅ Install flow: WORKING
```

---

### **test_routing.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Validates routing configuration to prevent 404 errors

**What it will test:**
- Root index.html exists
- Root index.html is production version (not dev)
- .htaccess routes configured correctly
- admin.php serves correct paths
- All route paths actually exist

---

### **test_cors.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Validates CORS configuration for production

**What it will test:**
- CORS allows production domain
- No hardcoded localhost-only configs
- Credentials enabled properly
- Headers configured correctly

---

### **test_production_assets.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Validates all production assets exist and are correct

**What it will test:**
- dist/ folder exists and has content
- All referenced assets exist
- CSS and JS bundles present
- Images and fonts included
- No dev-only references

---

### **test_user_journey_visitor.php** ✅
**Purpose:** Tests the visitor (public user) journey through the site

**What it tests:**
- Homepage loads
- Can view investment plans
- Info pages accessible
- Registration works
- Contact form available

**Simulates:** First-time visitor exploring and deciding to register

---

### **test_user_journey_user.php** ✅
**Purpose:** Tests the registered user journey

**What it tests:**
- Login works
- Dashboard accessible
- Can check balance
- Can create investment
- Can view investments
- Can request withdrawal
- Transaction history available
- KYC submission works
- Profile updates work
- Logout works

**Simulates:** Active user performing all key actions

---

### **test_user_journey_admin.php** ✅
**Purpose:** Tests the admin journey managing the platform

**What it tests:**
- Admin login works
- Admin panel accessible
- Can view statistics
- Can manage users
- Can adjust balances
- Can approve/reject transactions
- Can review KYC
- Can manage investment plans
- Can generate withdrawal PINs
- Can manage other admins

**Simulates:** Admin performing all management tasks

---

### **run_all_tests.php** (Future)
**Purpose:** Runs all Scout94 tests in sequence

**Usage:**
```bash
php scout94/run_all_tests.php
```

---

## 🔍 AUDITOR - Independent Quality Control

**NEW:** Scout94 now includes an independent LLM auditor!

### **What the Auditor Does:**

1. **Reviews Scout94 test results** with fresh eyes
2. **Scores testing quality** 1-10 on:
   - Completeness (did we test the right things?)
   - Methodology (are tests well-designed?)
   - Coverage (are critical paths covered?)
3. **Identifies gaps** in testing
4. **Provides recommendations** for improvement
5. **Auto-retries** Scout94 if score < 5

### **Supported LLMs:**

- ✅ **OpenAI GPT-4** (recommended)
- ✅ **Google Gemini**
- ✅ **Mock mode** (for testing without API key)

### **Setup:**

```bash
# 1. Copy the example env file
cp .env.example .env

# 2. Add your API key (choose ONE)
# For OpenAI:
echo "OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-key-here" > .env

# For Gemini:
echo "GEMINI_API_KEY=your-key-here" > .env
```

### **Usage:**

```bash
# Run Scout94 WITH auditor
php run_with_audit.php "/Users/mac/CascadeProjects/Viz Venture Group"
```

### **How It Works:**

```
1. Run Scout94 tests → Generate results
2. Send results to LLM auditor → Get independent review
3. Check audit score:
   - Score ≥ 5 → ✅ Approved! Generate report
   - Score < 5 → 🔄 Re-run Scout94 with recommendations
4. Maximum 3 retries (4 total attempts)
5. Smart exit if stuck (same score 2x)
6. Always delivers report (success or failure)
```

### **Infinite Loop Prevention:**

✅ **Hard Limit:** Max 4 attempts (initial + 3 retries)  
✅ **Stuck Detection:** Exits early if score unchanged  
✅ **Score Tracking:** Monitors improvement trends  
✅ **Always Delivers:** Report generated even on failure  

See `RETRY_LOGIC.md` for detailed explanation.

---

## 🏥 **SCOUT94 CLINIC - SELF-HEALING MODE**

### **What Is It?**

The Clinic is a self-healing system that diagnoses and treats Scout94 when it fails audits. It's like having a doctor for your testing system!

### **How It Works:**

```
Scout94 Fails → Clinic Admits → Doctor Diagnoses → 
Generate Treatments → Risk Assessment → Apply Safe Fixes → 
Health Check → Retry Scout94 → Pass! ✅
```

### **Quick Start:**

```bash
# Run# Scout94 

**An Intelligent AI-Powered Testing Suite with Holistic Analysis & 7 Specialized Agents**

Scout94 is a professional Tauri desktop application that brings together cutting-edge AI agents, real-time testing, and intelligent code analysis. Built with a philosophy of understanding before acting, Scout94 analyzes your entire project holistically, traces root causes, and provides actionable insights.

---

## Core Philosophy

Scout94 is built on key principles that guide every decision:

- **Holistic Approach**: Understand the entire system before analyzing issues
- **Root Cause Analysis**: Fix underlying problems, not just symptoms
- **Intelligent Decision-Making**: Never take lazy shortcuts or delete without understanding
- **Duplicate Intelligence**: Analyze both versions before making decisions
- **Graceful Operations**: Clean startups, shutdowns, and no resource leaks

### **Audit Output:**

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════╗
║    SCOUT94 AUDITOR - QUALITY CHECK    ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════╝

🔍 Auditor: Independent verification by GPT-4
📊 Analyzing Scout94 test results...

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
📊 AUDIT RESULTS
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

OVERALL SCORE: 🟢 8/10

Completeness: 8/10
Methodology:  9/10
Coverage:     7/10

VERDICT: ✅ PASS

REASONING:
The testing is comprehensive and covers all critical user 
journeys. The methodology is sound, using real-world user 
scenarios. However, there is room for improvement in 
security and edge case testing.

✅ STRENGTHS:
   • Comprehensive user journey testing
   • Tests all three user personas
   • Validates critical paths
   • Good routing validation

💡 RECOMMENDATIONS:
   • Add security penetration testing
   • Test email flows
   • Add load/performance testing
   • Implement rate limiting
   • Use a WAF for added security

See `RETRY_LOGIC.md` for detailed explanation.

---

##  When Scout94 Runs

When you trigger **Scout94** or **Scout94 2**, Cascade will:

1. **Automatically run these scripts** from this directory
2. **Report results** in real-time
3. **Send to LLM auditor** for independent review
4. **Auto-retry if score < 5** with auditor recommendations
5. **Fix issues** found immediately
6. **Generate audited report** (only scores ≥5 delivered)

---

##  Adding New Tests

To add a new test to Scout94:

1. Create script in `scout94/` directory
2. Follow the naming convention: `test_[feature].php`
3. Include clear output (✅/❌ indicators)
4. Return exit code 0 for success, 1 for failure
5. Update this README
6. Update Scout94 memory to include the new test

---

##  Notes

- **DO NOT** commit these scripts to production packages
- Scripts are for **local development and pre-deployment validation only**
- All scripts should be **non-destructive** (create test databases, not modify production)
- Scripts should **clean up after themselves** (drop test databases)

---

## 🎨 IDE Improvements (October 16, 2025)

Scout94's IDE interface has been enhanced with professional-grade features:

### **Responsive Layout**
- ✅ **Resizable panels**: User can drag to adjust IDE/Chat split width
- ✅ **Resizable file explorer**: Adjustable sidebar width
- ✅ **Line wrapping**: Code adapts to container width changes
- ✅ **Window responsive**: Adapts to any screen size smoothly

### **Professional Code Display**
- ✅ **Prominent line numbering**: Bold, clear gutter with distinct background
- ✅ **Protected line number lane**: Numbers stay in fixed column
- ✅ **Syntax highlighting**: Full language support with proper wrapping
- ✅ **Minified file detection**: Warns when viewing build artifacts

### **Breadcrumb Navigation**
- ✅ **Interactive path display**: Folder › Subfolder › File
- ✅ **File type badges**: Language indicator (php, jsx, css, etc.)
- ✅ **Hover effects**: Visual feedback on path segments
- ✅ **Current file highlight**: Active file shown with blue pill badge

### **Technical Implementation**
- Uses SyntaxHighlighter's native capabilities (no library fighting)
- Grid-based responsive panel layout
- Proper line wrapping with `wrapLines={true}` and `wrapLongLines={true}`
- Sticky line number gutter with visual separator

---

## 🎯 Accountability Protocol

Scout94 now enforces a strict **Root Cause First** methodology across all AI agents.

### **Documentation**
See `websocket-server/ACCOUNTABILITY_PROTOCOL.md` for complete details.

### **Key Principles**
1. **STOP and investigate** before proposing solutions
2. **Root cause analysis** required for every fix
3. **Investigation evidence** must be provided
4. **Holistic context** must be considered
5. **No band-aids** - fix causes, not symptoms

### **Enforcement**
- All agents validate solutions through `DecisionValidator`
- Solutions rejected if accountability checks fail
- Fighting libraries = automatic rejection
- Lazy shortcuts flagged and prevented

### **Example: Line Numbering Fix**
❌ **Wrong**: Try different CSS, force grid layout, fight the library  
✅ **Right**: Investigate → Library has native props → Use `lineNumberContainerStyle` and `wrapLines`

This ensures Scout94 maintains the same high standards across its entire ecosystem.

---

**Part of Scout94 Protocol**  
Last Updated: October 16, 2025
